Title:(required) 300 characters

Is this a request for sponsorship for a podcast, conference, hackathon?(required)
Y/N

Team

Applicant name:(required)

Write your name as you would like it to be displayed publicly: pseudonyms, including forum usernames or your organization name can be used

Do you have additional team members/collaborators?(required)
Y/N

Pitch: A one-liner elevator pitch version of your proposal(required)
140 characters

Total Request (USD): (required)
$ USD (You will be paid out in ZEC based on USD market price at payout time.)

Have you previously received a grant from Zcash Community Grants (formerly called ZOMG) or ZF?(required)
Y/N

    - Please provide details:(required)


Are you seeking or have you received funding from other sources for this proposed project?(required)
Y/N

---------- DETAILS -------------

If you have any questions please contact grants@zfnd.org.

Applicant background:(required)
Provide you and/or your team’s detailed background and experience. Demonstrate that you have the skills and expertise necessary for the project that you’re proposing. Institutional bona fides are not required, but we want to hear about your track record and/or see your portfolio of past work.

Description of Problem or Opportunity:(required)
What problem or opportunity will your project address or solve? Provide context for the problem or opportunity and clearly present how your project will add value to the Zcash ecosystem.

Proposed Solution: Describe the solution at a high level.(required)
Please be specific about who the users and stakeholders are and how they would interact with your solution. E.g. retail ZEC holders, Zcash core devs, wallet devs, DeFi users, potential Zcash community participants.

Solution Format: What is the exact form of the final deliverable you’re creating? (required)
E.g. code shipped within the zcashd and zebra code bases, a website, a feature within a wallet, a text/markdown file, user manuals, etc.

Technical Approach: Dive into the how of your project. Describe your approaches, components, workflows, methodology, etc. Bullet points and diagrams are appreciated!(required)

Dependencies: What external entities is your project dependent on? What involvement is required from ZF, ECC, and/or other external organizations? Who would have to incorporate your work in order for it to be usable?(required)

Execution risks: What obstacles do you expect? What is most likely to go wrong? Which unknown factors could jeopardize success? Who would have to incorporate your work in order for it to be usable?(required)

Unintended Consequences: What are the negative ramifications if your project is successful? Consider usability, stability, privacy, integrity, availability, decentralization, interoperability, maintainability, technical debt, requisite education, etc.(required)

Evaluation plan: What metrics for success will you share with the community once you’re done? In addition to quantitative metrics, what qualitative metrics will you commit to report?(required)


*** Budget ***

Compensation, Software, Services


Do you require startup funding? (required)
Y/N
Requests for start-up funding (funding provided prior to Milestone 1 being completed) must be supported by a justified need for this funding. If you are requesting startup funding you will be prompted to provide a detailed explanation for why this funding is required for the successful launch and completion of your project.

Milestone N:

    - Estimated Date
    - Deliverables
    - Total value/cost (ZEC/USD)
        - Compensation, Software, Services

... $$\times N$$


Total proposed USD value of grant: (required)
The total proposed value of your grant should equal the sum of all milestones.


How was the project timeline determined? (required)


Date / Affirmation / Public Good, Educational, or Charitable

How did you learn about Zcash Community Grants? etc etc ..
